[Music]
ten Korean skincare rules to look young
in Korea they say you can lie about your
age but your skin doesn't lie perhaps
that's why they came up with
revolutionary skincare practices that
have invaded the Western beauty industry
I mean the proof is in the pudding
Korean women and men alike have amazing
skin are you ready to find out their
secrets to a clear smooth
healthy-looking complexion well just
keep on watching but first be sure to
click that big red subscribe button to
join the bright side of life
where you'll find the answers to all of
life's biggest questions and remember to
ring the notification bell so that
you'll always be the first to see our
daily uploads alright beautiful skin
here we come
ten multi-step cleansing k-beauty comes
with a pretty complicated cleansing
procedure that involves multiple steps
remember how your chemistry teacher
always said that like dissolves like in
this case the Korean skincare system
starts by using oil-based cleansing
products to get rid of all oil-based
impurities like sunscreen and makeup it
also pulls out any excess oil from your
pores the second step is to use a
water-based cleanser that removes all
water-based residues such as sweat and
dirt also every now and then you may
need to exfoliate your skin to remove
dead skin cells 9 facial massage facial
massages are super popular in the East
probably much more so than in the West
Koreans perform very basic massage steps
every single day to make their skin look
smooth and fresh the tapping motions use
help stimulate the lymph nodes which
prevents aging by promoting blood
circulation and eliminating waste
massages are frequently used along the V
line in areas above in between the eyes
and around the mouth to prevent wrinkles
here is the best way to perform your
daily facial massages start by cleansing
your face and
in your hands apply your favorite
moisturizing product to your skin it's a
necessary step as it allows your hands
to move without unwanted friction tap or
gently massage the product into your
skin start with the sides of your cheeks
then move to your forehead and chin
lightly press on your skin eight to ten
times after you've massaged all parts of
your face massage your neck using gentle
pressure and motions 8 moisturize
immediately if you really want to take
advantage of the moisturizing process
and allow any lotion or cream to fully
penetrate your skin make sure that you
moisturize as soon as you dry off from
the shower since your pores open up
while you shower or bathe it's best to
apply your moisturizer to your face no
more than a minute after you've dried
off 7 vitamin C vitamin C has all kinds
of skin benefits it nourishes dry and
dull skin from the inside out and its
antioxidant properties purify fatigue
skin it helps brighten and freshen the
complexion by improving the skin
circulation on top of that vitamin C
boosts the production of the
all-important collagen which as a result
reduces wrinkling and citric acid works
wonders for ridding your pores of excess
dirt and oil and removing dead skin
cells overall using vitamin C in your
skin care treatment will leave your skin
bright and clear to take advantage of
the healing powers of citric acid use a
vitamin C serum or just squeeze half a
lemon into a bowl add water and apply it
to your skin with a cotton ball or disc
if you have sensitive skin use more
water and less lemon juice always
remember that you should not use a lemon
or any other treatments containing
vitamin C before going outside vitamin C
makes your skin more vulnerable to sun
damage which can leave you with dark
spots and hyperpigmentation save your
vitamin C treatment for the evenings
[Music]
six ginseng ginseng is probably Korea's
top medicine for good health and the
same goes for your skin it acts as an
antioxidant prevents aging maintains the
skin's elasticity and lengthens the
lifespan of skin cells ginseng is also
very effective at increasing collagen
production which again means fewer
wrinkles here's how to make your own DIY
ginseng skin mask take one tea bag with
ginseng powder dissolve it in one cup of
very hot water leave this mixture to
cool apply this tea to your face with
the help of a cotton ball you can leave
it on or rinse it off and apply
moisturizer 5 hyaluronic acid as we age
less and less sebum that's the oil in
your skin gets produced as a result the
skin aging process is accelerated
because of a decrease in moisture
hyaluronic acid is an excellent moisture
binding ingredient with its use sagging
skin becomes hydrated and firmer and
wrinkles become less visible hyaluronic
acid works for all skin types
obviously more mature and dry skin feels
much better thanks to this acid because
it gets the moisture it desperately
needs but combination and oily skin also
need hydration hyaluronic acid is great
for those types because it feels
weightless on the skin as for blemish
prone and sensitive skin the antioxidant
properties in hyaluronic acid really
calm it down and stupid for snail mucin
yep you ready to put snail slime on your
face hey don't knock it until you try it
Korean skincare makes good use of the
natural skin enhancing benefits of snail
mucin which contains a bunch of amazing
elements like collagen hyaluronic acid
vitamins and mineral salts it's
naturally designed to regenerate cells
because snails use it to restore their
shell because of its structure snow
mucin minimizes the damage done to your
skin by free
radicals and normalizes the production
of collagen and elastin it also has an
anti-inflammatory effect so it calms and
removes irritation it hydrates the skin
by covering it in a thin invisible film
that holds moisture in while still
allowing oxygen to pass through and let
the skin breathe 3:00 sun protection if
you're in a battle against aging your
number one enemy should be the Sun the
problem is that collagen production
decreases in the dermis when your skin
is exposed to UV rays for a long time
this results in thinner skin in the
appearance of wrinkles sunscreen is a
must in the k-beauty system in fact
Korean sunscreens are much more
effective than Western ones sunscreen in
Korean skincare has a relatively light
texture it's absorbed well and doesn't
leave any sticky or greasy residue
not to mention Korean sunscreens
moisturize the skin and can even be used
before applying makeup plus aging and
beauty aside protecting your skin from
the Sun is crucial in preventing
melanoma or skin cancer too collagen how
many times have you heard this word
today only about a million well that's
because your skin absolutely needs the
stuff you see collagen is a type of
protein that provides structure for your
skin it's like a frame that holds a
building together and without it that
building would fall apart collagen helps
maintain the skin's elasticity and makes
it more luminous skin that's lacking in
collagen becomes saggy it starts losing
its fullness in firmness all these
processes can even cause facial features
to change unfortunately collagen
production slows down drastically with
age that's why collagen serums play a
very important role in the anti-aging
k-beauty process one peptides so we've
just talked about how collagen is a
protein well these things called
peptides make up the segments of this
chain like protein when your body
detects an increasing amount of peptides
it gets a message that the skin is
losing college
so it starts producing it which is
exactly what we want
in other words products containing
peptides help increase collagen
production there are many different
kinds of peptides for example vomit oil
pentapeptide 3 stimulates the synthesis
of collagen and aids and skin repair
hexapeptide reduces deep lines and
wrinkles and acetyl hexapeptide 3 limits
those neurotransmitters that order your
facial muscles to move just choose the
product that contains the type of
peptides you need most and go for it of
course you can always visit a
dermatologist for information what are
your favorite ways to keep your skin
young and radiant have you ever tried
Korean skin care products did they work
let us know in the comments below give
this video a like if you found it useful
and share it with your friends be sure
to subscribe and hang out on the bright
side of life
[Music]
you